listen everyone kept saying that this
was like a Netflix version of big hero 6
and some people were excited for it
other people's were looking down on it
but this to me is the biggest Apple
parody I've ever seen
let me explain so this movie takes place
in the very distant future where we make
it an annual tradition to upgrade our
tech and we even wait in long lines
after attending launch events as we
start to recreate the simple things we
used to add before I'm telling you you'd
have to be blind to not see how this
dude is clearly supposed to be Steve
Jobs with a man bun running the
presentations while poor Steve Wozniak
is in the back slaving away in this tech
dude has groupies for crying out loud
they're all I splooshing all over him
even though he's just selling him the
same thing he has been everything I have
ever done has led up to this moment to
this wonder of technology bra this is
model 6 you can say the same thing next
year meanwhile you got the main
character in this movie right who hates
technology because you just can't escape
it but even worse than that is the fact
that her mom is addicted to technology
and so she never has a relationship with
her like imagine all the babies right
now who weren't raised like a lot of us
were you know right out of the womb to
get an iPad so how are they gonna
survive as adults I told you all in an
upcoming video that that's gonna be the
biggest threat technology and our
secrets just you watch anyways my sue
unlocks the next-gen robot who just so
happens to have weapons for some reason
but considering that her bullies are
always using their robots against her
she decides to pull up on them with the
six
obviously IQ is gonna want their
prototype back so evil Steve decisive
Sun himself to get the job done and so
they end up having a really cool one
take in the house they reenact a
football scene from The Dark Knight that
reveals scene from cocoa where he
explains his master plan unknowingly
also happens and they just take the
Terminator design as it turns out that I
Steve is AI robots all of the cue BOTS
are blowing up faster than Galaxy phones
since his plan was to take over the
world with the tech that they were
buying and that's to get all mr. Jones
here but brothel wanted to that would be
the easiest takeover ever next gen tries
to fight them off but since he deleted
most of the weapons that he had because
he wanted to make room for the memories
that he had with the girl my he not has
to pick which ones to keep and in order
to save them he races them all boys got
his weapon back and saves the day but at
the end of it for what my man is now
back to his factory settings and I'm
over here on my couch thinking I was
just gonna watch a simple enough flicks
movie I'm contemplating which memories I
would keep if I had to choose like my
already looks like joy from inside out
was taken over by sadness but the fact
that mais mom used to tech to drown out
the memory of her husband and now my's
memories are gone from her best friend
who was a robot damn you Netflix for
those parallels by the end of it Apple
how is takin down the mother-daughter
relationship is fixed and everyone
learns their lesson to not buy into the
newest product Who am I kidding it I'm
editing all these videos on a new Mac
thank you guys for checking out this
video I may upload one more today just
because a bunch of you guys that give me
these recommendations and I want to make
sure I hit all these recommendations
right even if it means double or triple
or I don't know how many uploads a day
this was a pretty good movie I'm not
gonna lie I thought the animation was
pretty good and I love that it's a
Chinese Canadian cartoon because it's so
good to see that they're giving us the
representation that we need for us
cartoons other than an occasional your
thoughts as the movie posed what
memories would you keep if you had to
erase them don't forget to comment like
and subscribe and I'll send you an
iPhone XLS LMNOP plus